Update the game over message (#1)
evanoins/skills-review-pull-requests: README.md

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>

>   Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Start this step by reading through the previous step.
```
